c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\bin\Debug\Surfing.exe.config
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\bin\Debug\Surfing.exe
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\bin\Debug\Surfing.pdb
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\obj\Debug\Surfing.exe
c:\users\adminbol\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Surfing\Surfing\obj\Debug\Surfing.pdb
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\Spider.exe.config
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\Spider.exe
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\Spider.pdb
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.exe
C:\Users\adminbol\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Spider\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.pdb
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\bin\Debug\Spider.exe.config
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.exe
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.pdb
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\bin\Debug\Spider.exe
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\bin\Debug\Spider.pdb
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Work\Spider-master\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\Spider.exe.config
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\Spider.exe
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\Spider.pdb
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.exe
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\obj\Debug\Spider.pdb
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Work\Spider\Surfing\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
